RadASM 2.2.2.4
--------------
2.2.2.4
o Fix: Increased the number of files and directories created by Project wizard - Files and Folders page 
  from 8 to 12. See https://github.com/mrfearless/RadASM2/issues/12 for details.
o Fix api listbox not showing after viewing dialog and switching back to code
o Reverted some changes made previously trying to increase custom control count as still crashing. See
  https://github.com/mrfearless/RadASM2/issues/7 for details.


2.2.2.3
o Increased custom control max count to 64
o Extended custom control properties count. Previously this was limited to 127 total unique properties, of which 69 
  where in use by RadASM. These properties as defined by ccdef and ccdefex are now handled in a new manner to store
  the text strings of the new property names in the notused field of the TYPES structure. Control IDs > 65535 will
  store the property strings in this manner and retrieved/parsed for inclusion in the dialog properties listview.
o Added property description editbox below properties list.
o Took out some experimental code that I worked on trying to incorporate web search for F1/CTRL+F1.
o Took out some experimental code that allowed opening of a url from a text string of a url in comments.


2.2.2.2
o Installer: Created multi-lingual installer for RadASM v2.2.2.2
o Template: Added in xml file rename. If ProjectName.xml exists for manifest it is renamed to new project output file.
o Resource: Changed max resource items saved to .rc file from 256 items to 512.
o Wizard: Increased project name's max length when creating a new project from 16 characters to 32.
o Ini: Added additional allowed files to RadASM.ini for templates to include other files (for example RoboHelp HTML)
o Theme: Updated back color for output current line/error line selection for use with darker themes.
o Theme: Added Visual Studio Dark Grey theme.
o Misc: Updated UpdateChecker sub project to fetch from the github repo.

2.2.2.1
o Changed max resource items saved to .rc file from 256 items to 512 - fearless 02/12/2015
2.2.2.0
o The debug register and watch windows are now in a single tool window.
o Added FPU and MMX registers to debug window.
o There can now be more than one xxxConst.api file using the same api.
o The code editor now supports unlimitted line lenghts.
o Fixed a bug when double clicking on errors in output window when using bcc.
o Fixed a buffer overrun bug on corrupted project files.
o Fixed bugs wuth project browser drag to new goroup. Disabled group name editing.
2.2.1.9b
o Holding Ctrl key while clicking on expand / collapse bookmark will expand / collapse
  all child blocks in the parent block.
2.2.1.9
o Added a hidden option to disable accept command dialog.
  In RadASM.ini section [Accept] add the following line:
  DontAsk=1
o Added UndoSave addin. It saves and loads undo information on project code files.
  See Addin Manager help file for more info.
o Project Options no longer expands project tree.
2.2.1.8g
o Better error message / handling if a programming language pack is missing.
o Added UpdateChecker addin. It lets you check for RadASM updates, download and unzip files.
2.2.1.8f
o Adding a project file keeps the expanded / collapsed state of the project browser.
o The expanded / collapsed state of the project browser is saved to the project file.
o You can no longer delete a group with sub groups using the Project Groups tool.
  You must delete the sub groups first. In previous versions this caused a group messup.
o Fixed a bug in RAEdit when drawing the tab markers.
2.2.1.8e
o Improved 'Goto Declare' and double clicking in properties (better support for Obj32Asm).
o Fixed bugs in masmParse (better support for Obj32Asm, macros and constants).
o Fixed bug in RAEdit where trim trailing spaces did not update line changed state.
2.2.1.8d
o Fixed bug where closing Project Groups dialog using [X] made RadASM menu not responding.
o Fixed bug where clicking left and right mouse buttons at the same time on a toolbar button
  made RadASM hang.
o CreateProtoEx addin now supports C/CPP
o Improved CppParse to better support CreateProtoEx addin.
o Alex has updated the CodeSize addin.
2.2.1.8c
o Added support for chm help files if the radhelp addin is not used.
2.2.1.8b
o Fixed bug in masmParse.dll that caused sluggis editing on older machines.
o Fixed bug where red dot was missing if file is readonly or missing.
o Fixed bug where autoload was not saved if a file was unsaved on project close.
2.2.1.8
o Made it possible to load api files depending on project type.
  This makes it easier to create projects for other OS'es than Windows.
  Contributed api files welcome.
o Created a masm parser dll. This makes parsing masm projects more reliable.
o Auto Load is replaced by saving current open files to project file.
o File tabs can be dragged to a new position. The tab order is saved to project file.
o The project browser now supports sub groups. Use Project Groups to maintain groups.
o The Project Groups dialog has been redesigned and is more user friendly.
o When a file is added to the project it will be added to the current group.
o Added Project / Add Existing / Current Open File. Adds the current open file to the project.
o Added Expand / Collapse toolbar button to project browser.
o Added BS_SPLITBUTTON, BS_DEFSPLITBUTTON, BS_COMMANDLINK and BS_DEFCOMMANDLINK button styles.
o Added TBS_REVERSED, TBS_DOWNISLEFT, TBS_NOTIFYBEFOREMOVE and TBS_TRANSPARENTBKGND trackbar styles.
o Added SysLink control.
2.2.1.7
o The code parser for masm has been enhanced to include datatypes and array sizes.
o The code parser for VC6 C/C++ (cppparse.dll) has been enhanced to include datatypes and array sizes.
o The code parser for FreePASCAL has been enhanced to include datatypes and array sizes.
o The code parser for FreeBASIC has been enhanced to include datatypes and array sizes.
o Included RADebug addin. It adds sourcecode debugging capabilities to masm, VC6 C/C++,
  FreePASCAL and FreeBASIC projects. See the RADebug.txt for more info.
o Added support for MinGW.
o The size of the code complet list is now saved to the ini file.
o Fixed a minor bug in RAEdit. REM_GETCURSORWORD did not include the size of the
  line number bar.
o Fixed a minor bug in RAEdit. Bracematching caused wrong selection on EM_SCROLLCARET.
o Fixed a buffer overrun vulnerability in TbrCreate.
o Fixed a buffer overrun vulnerability in menu editor.
2.2.1.6
o Added resource type RT_HTML
o Code lines now has a yellow indicator for unsaved chanees, green for saved changes.
o Better code complete support for C/C++ (locals (Ctrl+Shift+Space) and casted structures). 
0 Added protection against malicious project files (.rap). A dialog shows the command that will be
  executed. It is up to you to accept the command or not. There is also a 'Don't ask again' option.
  Even with this added protection you should always open a project file from a non trusted source
  in text edit mode (File / Open File) and verify that it not executes any suspicious commands.
o Fixed RadASM Project File (.rap) Stack-Based Buffer Overflow Vulnerability.
o Fixed bug with environment variable that caused crash on win 2000.
2.2.1.5
o Option to set syntax backcolor on strings, comments, operators and numbers & hex values.
o Api files can now have commented lines. A commented line must start with ; or //
o Ini files now has a version.
o Updated addins to latest version. This fixess several bugs.
o Fixed bug with split screen.
2.2.1.4
o Flat toolbar on Project and Properties tools.
o Rearanged Project toolbar buttons.
o Option to set Info tool colors.
o Incraced size of build option buffer.
o Added block guiders.
o Variable speed selection scrolling by mouse.
o Fixed bug with environment option if there was no entries.
o Fixed bug with project option / project groups.
2.2.1.3
o Added support for Free Pascal.
o Added support for Digital Mars C/C++ compiler. Thanks PauloH.
o Added Ignore Whitespace to find.
  Example:
  Find: mov eax,edx
  will find:
  mov    eax , edx
o Added support for multiline find.
  Example:
  Find: mov eax,edx^Minc edx
  wull find the lines:
  mov eax,edx
  inc edx
o Fixed fasm parser bug.
2.2.1.2b
o Fixed bug with threaded build. The handle was not closed. Thanks a lot Willok.
2.2.1.2
o Included several improvements by drizz.
o Added images to tab select.
o Added default control sizes to dialog editor.
o New RadASM icon by Anton Lesnichenko
2.2.1.1
o Added brace matching.
o Added collapse on comment blocks.
o Improved fasm code complete on structures.
o Changed behaviour on 'Topmost File property'
2.2.1.0c
o Fixed bug with renaming files in templates using [*PROJECTNAME*] method.
o Fixed tab select font problem.
2.2.1.0b
o Fixed bug in 'New Project' wizard where build options was not copied from template.
o Fixed Trend Micro virus alert on Addin Manager. (thanks to Wayne Lozinski)
2.2.1.0
o It is now possible to create a new project even if the folder already exists.
  This is useful when creating a RadASM project from existing sources.
  - Warning that the folder exists.
  - Warning if files are about to be overwritten.
o The 'New Project Wizard' now has an Import button. It lets you import files to
  the project. Useful when creating a new project from existing sources.
o Font options dialog now shows font name.
o Set focus to project explorer and Ctrl+E will expand / collapse project groups.
  Useful with huge projects.
o Improved project loading time.
o Fixed a paint problem in RAEdit when a non fixed font was used.
o Fixed a bug where closing all files would leave the 'File Change Notify' thread
  running and the next file opened would create a new thread.
o RAEdit now does a garbage collection each time memory is expanded.
o Fixed a bug where adding an existing code file to project did not auto refresh properties.
o Added ResourceID addin. Activate it with addinmanager.
  - This addin auto exports resource id's to the file rsrc.xxx when any of the
  - resource scripts are updated. At the same time code properties are refreshed.
  - This means that code complete on resource id's will work immediatly after any
  - resource script is saved.
  - The export is done ONLY if the rsrc.xxx file exists in the projects root folder.

  - rsrc.xxx:
  - ------------------------
  - Assembly		rsrc.inc
  - Hla				rsrc.hhf
  - C/C++			rsrc.h
  - bcet, fb		rsrc.bi
o Added option to minimize RadASM on run. RadASM will stay minimized while program is running.
  - You can also use this to kill a program that hangs by restoring RadASM and press Esc.
o Project options now has Path and Main Files buttons. Purpose is to have the info at hand
  while setting up project build options.
o On build errors RadASM will jump to first error.
o New 'Project Wizard' that also works on Win95b (does not use property sheets).
o Fixed bug in RadToolbar addin (crash on Win95b if custom toolbar was enabled).
o Fixed bug in RadToolbar addin where customizing toolbar could give strange results.
o Fixed a bug where using mouse wheel on properties window could leave the button painted.

KetilO
