About Auto Correct Addin

An addin for RadAsm. For a purpose to correct or easy type. This is working like Auto Correct in MS Word(i hope).
First write a keyword then after space, if keyw in correct list, the new string is replacing over keyword.

How to create Auto Correct list:

	This is simple. After adding this addin by Addin Manager in options menu, this will add a new item in
Tools menu, Auto Correct List. Now you need to add a keyword to triggering re-typing replace string over this.
After both edit boxes edited, click to Add/Modify button. This will add to your list. To editing existing item,
simply double click, edit and click to Add/Modify again. If you need multiline replace string, click to "..."
button (also near a Multiline caption). Meanwhile, if you need tab character in multiline editbox, hold CTRL
key ,as usual, with tab key.
	If you wish, may position caret to any place in string. You must to type ~(tilde) for this position choice.
But warn you, because of space char behaviour, after positioning you will get a space char there. So, don't
allocate a space for caret, this is automatically happening :) At least so far.(* see below)

Where is storing Auto Correct list:

	In a file in \Addins directory, AutoCorrect.dat. If this file not exist, addin creates an empty one. Else,
uses that file.

How to Install Addin:

	As usual. Put the DLL in RadASm\Addins dir. Open RadAsm, from Options menu use Addin Manager and Install it. 
Or manually,

In RadASM.ini section [Addin] add:

x=AutoCorrect.dll,y

Where x is next free number any y is the options
(y=1 enable, y=0 disable).

 
Have Fun

cakmak

Note: 
	0. Thanks to Ketil Olsen for RadAsm. Really like this. But i think addin documentation is not enough.
		And also thanks to other people who sharing knowledge and work.		 
	1. Did you like the idea? Modified or rewrite it? Please give me a copy of source.
	2. I only tested in my w98. Almost sure that, it will need to work for Unicode systems. Sorry.
		Already not planning todo this near future. But if you done, look at first request :)
 	3. I know, dialogs seems sloppy, code needs more work. Do you did, look at first request :)

1.0.4 :

* Listview responses enter.
* Being sure of addins path.
* Stopping to space behaviour after replacing. (Thanks Ketil Olsen)
  if you comfortable with space, find below line in .asm

; Comment below tree lines to allowing space char after paste. Thanks to KetilO.

  and do your change. So simple :) BTW, highly nice behaves has these api functions.
  Like EM_SCROLLCARET. To which position is scrolling in my view with no parameter?
* Fixed a forgotten EBX register preservation.
* Fixed a problem after dialog closed that seems not updated or bad view.
* Fixed a problem which occurs after replacing shorter multi line strings according to previous replace.
* Two minor fixes which because of careless and tired.

